tutorial: finish the first graphql tutorial (#1332)
ent/ent: doc/md/tutorial-todo-gql-node.md

> To provide options for GraphQL clients to elegantly handle for caching and data refetching GraphQL servers need to expose object identifiers in a standardized way. In the query, the schema should provide a standard mechanism for asking for an object by ID. In the response, the schema provides a standard way of providing these IDs.
>
> We refer to objects with identifiers as “nodes”. An example of both of those is the following query:
>
>  ```graphql
>   {
>       node(id: "4") {
>           id
>          ... on User {
>               name
>           }
>       }
>   }
> ```

#### Clone the code (optional)

The code for this tutorial is available under [github.com/a8m/ent-graphql-example](https://github.com/a8m/ent-graphql-example), 
and tagged (using Git) in each step. If you want to skip the basic setup and start with the initial version of the GraphQL
server, you can clone the repository and checkout `v0.1.0` as follows:

```console
git clone git@github.com:a8m/ent-graphql-example.git
cd ent-graphql-example 
go run ./cmd/todo/
```

## Implementation

> Ent supports the Node interface with its GraphQL integration, and the steps for adding this to your application are 
> very simple. We start by adding the `Node` interface to our GraphQL schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ent supports the Node interface through its GraphQL integration. By following a few simple steps you can add support for it in your application. We start by adding the `Node` interface to our GraphQL schema:
```

```diff
+interface Node {
+    id: ID!
+}

-type Todo {
+type Todo implements Node {
    id: ID!
    createdAt: Time
    status: Status!
    priority: Int!
    text: String!
    parent: Todo
    children: [Todo!]
}

type Query {
    todos: [Todo!]
+   node(id: ID!): Node
+   nodes(ids: [ID!]!): [Node]!
}
```

Then, we tell gqlgen that Ent provides this interface by editing the `gqlgen.yaml` file as follows:

```diff
# This section declares type mapping between the GraphQL and Go type systems.
models:
  # Defines the ID field as Go 'int'.
  ID:
    model:
      - github.com/99designs/gqlgen/graphql.IntID
+ Node:
+   model:
+     - todo/ent.Noder
  Status:
    model:
      - todo/ent/todo.Status
```

> As you can see, this is a 7 lines change. Let's run the code generation using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply these changes, we must rerun the `gqlgen` code-gen. Let's do that by running:
```

```console
go generate ./...
```

Like before, we need to implement the GraphQL resolve in the `todo.resolvers.go` file, but that's simple.
Let's replace the default resolvers with the following:

```go
func (r *queryResolver) Node(ctx context.Context, id int) (ent.Noder, error) {
	return r.client.Noder(ctx, id)
}

func (r *queryResolver) Nodes(ctx context.Context, ids []int) ([]ent.Noder, error) {
	return r.client.Noders(ctx, ids)
}
```

## Query Nodes

Now, we're ready to test our new GraphQL resolvers. Let's start with creating a few todo items by running this
query multiple times (changing variables is optional):

```graphql

> mutation CreateTodo($todo: TodoInput!) {

Reviewer: Is something missing here? This just works? Where do the values come from?

Author: I needed to paste here the parameters/variables to the mutation as well. Fixed

Author: See the "Query Variables" in the comment below.

    createTodo(todo: $todo) {
        id
        text
        createdAt
        priority
        parent {
            id
        }
    }
}

# Query Variables: { "todo": { "text": "Create GraphQL Example", "status": "IN_PROGRESS", "priority": 1 } }
# Output: { "data": { "createTodo": { "id": "2", "text": "Create GraphQL Example", "createdAt": "2021-03-10T15:02:18+02:00", "priority": 1, "parent": null } } }
```

Running the **Nodes** API on one of the todo items will return:

````graphql
query {
  node(id: 1) {
    id
    ... on Todo {
      text
    }
  }
}

# Output: { "data": { "node": { "id": "1", "text": "Create GraphQL Example" } } }
````

Running the **Nodes** API on one of the todo items will return:

```graphql
query {
  nodes(ids: [1, 2]) {
    id
    ... on Todo {
      text
    }
  }
}

# Output: { "data": { "nodes": [ { "id": "1", "text": "Create GraphQL Example" }, { "id": "2", "text": "Create Tracing Example" } ] } }
```

---

> Please continue to the next section where we explain how to implement the Relay Cursor Connections spec with Ent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well done! As you can see, by changing a few lines of code our application now implements the Relay Node Interface. In the next section, we will show how to implement the Relay Cursor Connections spec using Ent which is very useful if we want our application to support slicing and pagination of query results.
```
